[requires]
boost/1.69.0@conan/stable
protobuf/3.9.1@bincrafters/stable
protoc_installer/3.9.1@bincrafters/stable
yaml-cpp/0.6.2@bincrafters/stable
gtest/1.8.1@bincrafters/stable

[options]
# Boost component, that are required:
boost:without_system          = False
boost:without_thread          = False
boost:without_fiber           = False
boost:without_regex           = False
boost:without_date_time       = False
boost:without_serialization   = False
# Boost components, that are not required:
boost:without_math            = True
boost:without_wave            = True
boost:without_container       = True
boost:without_contract        = True
boost:without_graph           = True
boost:without_iostreams       = True
boost:without_locale          = True
boost:without_log             = True
boost:without_program_options = True
boost:without_random          = True
boost:without_mpi             = True
boost:without_coroutine       = True
boost:without_context         = True
boost:without_chrono          = True
boost:without_atomic          = True
boost:without_filesystem      = True
boost:without_graph_parallel  = True
boost:without_filesystem      = True
boost:without_python          = True
boost:without_stacktrace      = True
boost:without_test            = True
boost:without_type_erasure    = True

[generators]
cmake
